~Turgut Alp Edis~
While starting this project, I was thinking how hard can be for us. It was hard to do but at the end, we can handle it.
I learned a lot of new methods, libraries, configurations. For instance, I learned MAVSdk library and how to implement it to the project.
Besides, I learned new type of variables in Java which I never used before. The only thing I disliked about the project work can be not sleeping efficiently.
However, it is totally worth to do not sleep after what we achieved. The most difficult job is to learn totally new classes as well as the math formulas. We needed to calculate coordinates to formulize the swarm algorithm.
If I started again this project, I totally start the project a little bit early. I spent 50 hours for this project to implement new classes and functions. Lastly, I am happy and proud of what we achieved together.

~Hakan Gülcü~
Before starting the project, I was afraid of having trouble completing the program, since I did not control a device with a program I had written before. 
I was going to be involved in such a complex task when I thought I didn't understand the OOP logic yet. After I started the project, I successfully completed the tasks I took both by researching the internet and helping with my group friends.
I have used many methods I have never seen, seen or used. With the MAVSDK library, I understood the class structure better. When calling method over and over on method, I now knew what I was doing and why. 
There is nothing I do not like about the project personally, everything looks good since this is the first time I have taken part in such a project and we have succeeded. Although there were moments when I said "enough is enough" when we had difficulties, I was always able to chase this problem and solve it somehow.
One of the most difficult things for me in the first stage was to use the codes written by my other friends. Since I did not know which method they wrote for what purpose, I had errors calling the methods. I also experienced using library methods, for example GeoPosition and Telemetry.Position.
Also, since we were working on distance based on latitude and longitude, I had a hard time finding formulas. It was also a bit stressful as incorrect conversions could cause serious errors. If I start this project again, the first thing I will do is start working earlier. 
Also, if I had the opportunity, I wouldn't choose the language we would code as Java. When I looked through libraries in other languages, I realized that we could do many jobs more easily.
I am very happy that we were able to do this project as a group. People will be able to use it easily and it is suitable for development.

~Furkan Bağcı~
This project was crucial in order to understand OOP, MVC and GUI. Using massive libraries such as MAVSDK-Java, GStreamer and jxmapviewer2, give me satisfaction of creating a impportant applicatiob. Sometimes, it was hard to follow the flow,  since there are more than 40 classes. Despite the fact working on the some project with different students have some negative aspects, I understood the importance of the group work with this project. I am aware of that this project can be improved, and I am planning to try to improve Javiiation on my free time. Personally, I allocotemore than 80 hours for this project. After I went to the test flight with Berker, I was (I am still) proud of on my contribution to this project.

~Berker Canatar~
In this project, I already kept this idea in mind, this software will control a real vehicle which will fly and there mustn't be any bug or error since which may cause crash, injury or vehicle loss. At design and development stage, me and my groupmates used flight simulations, which is the exact same software but sensor inputs are simulated. I did crash the drone in simulation couple of time and I have immediately fixed the cause of the crash. The final stage of this project is to test this software using a real drone. At the final stage of the project, we have tested the software using my own handmade drone and the result was successful. The Javigation software could fly and navigate the drone event better than a skilled pilot. In the future, I will continue to develop this software and I will always use this software when I will fly my drones. There are lots of thing that I planned to implement in the future, and I will continue to develop this software. Finally, thanks all of my group friends for their contributions.

